faa there guys there think you sampa
one more commented play tip and the game
time is call of duty modern warfare 3 and
video of today I'll say a little bit to
you guys about the gameplay, why?
finally after a long time the
face off game mode for pc version
from modern warfare 3
and you know you're in game mode
distributed free of charge by infinity
ward fertile promoter I made a video
about it as soon as it was announced
is it arrived in the 60's batteries already makes more
or less a month away
the ps3 version arrived in the week
if I'm not mistaken when they do
one week arrived and today on the 21st of
together with the launch of the
collection 2 should be concerned and 13 to
the pc on facebook finally arrived on pc
It's for those who do not know it was software and it's a
new game mode that is actually a
way in itself it is really only one
internet variation that as
this way is made off is divided into
one-on-one matches and two against
two and three against three
in this war that you are seeing
I'm putting it for you. I'm playing.
three against three on the map and ground guess
that this is the same name is the two maps
free distributed by made by only
infinity ward are the ground and
ronan that what if I'm not mistaken and ground
I'm not sure but I think it 's the
ground is
and has two other maps teachers
are the look out your way
these two are acquired through lcs
you buy collection 2 should be like
I said I left today also on the 21st to
the ps3 and pc
you get these two maps to zero did
software and dude, I played a little bit
already this match was also the first
on this map and if I'm not mistaken
how was it for you I think the ideal
I'm not sure
and was the first match on this map
before that I played two matches in the
roger and I really liked the game mode
Summer is fun, but it's normal.
huh
so it's cool because they are new maps
so I really like to map new power
play but the new one knows and how is it
thing
the business includes for free all
world has access so many young people
I can not play good and I like it
pretty is bacaninha is fun is more
fesp se than the sindsef max that
as normal it is because you
It's very busy, it's very fast.
I liked it and you'll see that one.
game play car what will happen
I did not watch the videos at the end.
will see what will happen at the end of
game play
I was very good, I 'll say that I
I stayed and it's not to start distrusting
only if you will see what happened
at the end of this crime play is like me
said
besides this of this made suffer their goal and
also collectors should be this
collection two of them she brings maps of
advanced on xbox live which is the map
Oasis is shrine if I'm not mistaken.
also arrives and there is one more dog remembering
Anyway, I also think a couple of
missions of the spec ops and such beyond the 246
off is how you know I bought it
collection must be given in module s3 in
pc when she left is there a month and a half
two months do not know and little by little
Brazilian bought a game of
few matches in those but I think
that I only brought 12 game place
of those collection maps should be
you on the channel and even when you left
updating the collection should always
I thought google everything the pc version and not
Can you find the right room and look for it?
a nation cnet room to appear there
up that was only available is okay so
rooms of six or seven hours very
little and finally the infinity ward
Fixed this bug by updating
which comes along with made off the
finally did arrange it so
now you're looking for the nation fundefnet
is the fire engine on pc now finds 0 of
50 rooms on the same consoles
at least these tidies took
They took time to pack but at least
they then fixed the pc version
back to the way it was before
So I think now maybe it will increase
little more the number of players who play
on the pc and then had this update
collection should be a lot of people
stopped playing I was even me
I started to play a lot less is so much that
I had that time, I started the most
orbital complex now maybe that did it
only return to play a little more the way
refers to three, not even from what I have seen
enough playing did it off of pc eu
I tried starting arrives quickly I
I looked for the upgrade then
many people were also aware that
this update and I think after the
staff begins to become more aware of
update has exited and the mode is
made available and will now begin but
to buy not to play and I do not know
I'm still going to buy two collection
and I really enjoy having the
new maps and such but I like to play
they also did not want to play
two new maps dodo did off but I did not
I know if a lot of people are going to buy then it's
complicated
let's not see what I'm going to do I do not
I know if I'm going to buy or I'm not thinking.
still on possibility is at 15 dollars
as is already customary and perhaps
policy they already bought on psn also
the next door already has a while ago with
Do you know the microsoft partnership?
with the objective of launching the first ten
days of code in xbox live
You see, there I was playing in this
Next game play more defensively
I not moved forward as much as it should have
perceived I 'm in search of an airplane
Big question is I'll get way to
Who knew I could do it?
who follows me on twitter probably
You already know the answer because I was
very brave happened and they will have
nice just to tell you that I was angry
You already know it will not roll move.
this game but it 's not that it will not
roll over some bench in the game for some
Appeal something like this was not for pure
azar same guy is using is also a
TNF part of the net O to 44 thousand to 700
people against 2100 for them not the people
was playing our team very well
I was once again very
back area of the map
now it's missing here to finish the
missing a mobile team missing
look at the boxing karate barry towers
Iberian mendonça marques and do not let me
get here so look only this guy he
will pick up the last Thursday the match
He killed this guy is my studio there.
behind here that explosion behind the
my purse and mary if that explosion
kill the guy took the eagle departure
He finished yet but I have 24 and
the necessary
and there is this guy caught here still spoke
then played well almost moab because it is the
almost Moab was taken by him then
You and I did not get the chopped garlic that
he stole me here you saw that already
was turning was facing the
car and I managed to kill the guy and then he
killed years and stole me here from mobi
Of course if I caught fashion it's not
positive because it was the last one here but
at least I wanted to ask you missed
a mobile team can return 29 were
22 kilos in total my little one
stairs here ie 23 pounds was missing
one promo does not roll
but it was pretty much a man gives to
consider a semi moab in my
first match on the grandino face
off then if you do not like this video
I commented what you think of these
maps you liked the world made off and
this is so if I get a single
Property did not just bring you in.
soon and if you like the video forget about
evaluate leaving your favorite book to
value the work and help in the
disclosure of the beauty video then this
So I hope you enjoyed a hug to
everybody stay with god and until
the most